Add documentation for interface inheritance (#87)
onflow/docs: docs/cadence/language/interfaces.mdx

    }
}
```

## Interface inheritance

> An interface can inherit (conform to) other interfaces of the same kind.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An interface can inherit from (conform to) other interfaces of the same kind.
```

> For example, A resource interface can inherit from another resource interface, but cannot inherit from a struct interface.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, a resource interface can inherit from another resource interface, but cannot inherit from a struct interface.
```

> When an interface inherits from another, all the fields, functions, and types of the parent interface would be implicitly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an interface inherits from another, all the fields, functions, and types of the parent interface are implicitly
```

implement the `Receiver` interface.

```cadence
pub resource MyVault: Vault {
    // Must implement all the methods coming from both `Vault` and `Receiver` interfaces.
    pub fun deposit(_ something: @AnyResource) {}

    pub fun withdraw(_ amount: Int): @Vault {}
}
```

### Duplicate interface members

When an interface implements another interface, it is possible for the two interfaces to have members
(functions, fields, and type requirements) with the same name.
The following sections explain how these ambiguities are resolved for different scenarios.

#### Fields

If two fields with identical names have identical types, then it will be valid.

```cadence
pub resource interface Receiver {
    pub var id: UInt64
}
pub resource interface Vault: Receiver {
    // `id` field has the same type as the `Receiver.id`. Hence this is valid.
    pub var id: UInt64
}
```

Otherwise, interface conformance is not valid.

```cadence
pub resource interface Receiver {
    pub var id: Int
}
pub resource interface Vault: Receiver {
    // `id` field has a different type than the `Receiver.id`. Hence this is invalid.
    pub var id: UInt64
}
```

#### Functions

> If two functions with identical names also have identical signatures, then it will be valid.

Reviewer 2: It's unclear what "it" refers to here, maybe simplify to:

```suggestion
If two functions with identical names also have identical signatures, that is valid.
```

```cadence
pub resource interface Receiver {
    pub fun deposit(_ something: @AnyResource)
}
pub resource interface Vault: Receiver {
    // `deposit` function has the same signature as the `Receiver.deposit`.
    // Also none of them have any default implementations.
    // Hence this is valid.
    pub fun deposit(_ something: @AnyResource)
}
```

If the signatures of the two functions are different, then the interface conformance is not valid.

```cadence
pub resource interface Receiver {
    pub fun deposit(_ something: @AnyResource)
}
pub resource interface Vault: Receiver {
    // Error: `deposit` function has a different signature compared to the `Receiver.deposit`.
    // So these two cannot co-exist.
    pub fun deposit()
}
```

#### Functions with conditions

If the two functions with identical names and signatures have pre/post conditions, then it will still be valid.

> However, the pre/post conditions are linearized (refer [linearizing conditions section](#linearizing-conditions))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the pre/post conditions are linearized (refer to the [linearizing conditions section](#linearizing-conditions))
```

    pub struct Foo {}
}
pub contract MyToken: NonFungibleToken {
    pub fun test() {
        let foo: Foo  // This will refer to the `NonFungibleToken.Foo`
    }
}
```

If a user needed to access the `Foo` struct coming from the super interface `Token`, then they can
access it using the fully qualified name. e.g: `let foo: Token.Foo`.

However, it is not allowed to have two or more inherited type/events definitions with identical names for an interface.

```cadence
pub contract interface Token {
    pub struct Foo {}
}
pub contract interface Collectible {
    pub struct Foo {}
}
// Invalid: Two type definitions with the same name from two interfaces.
pub contract NonFungibleToken: Token, Collectible {
}
```
Similar to default functions, there can be situations where the same type/event definition can be available
via different inheritance paths.

```cadence
pub contract interface Logger {
    pub struct Foo {}
}
pub contract interface Token: Logger {}
pub contract interface Collectible: Logger {}
// Valid: `Logger.Foo` struct is visible to the `NonFungibleToken` interface via both `Token` and `Collectible`.
pub contract interface NonFungibleToken: Token, Collectible {}
```

> In the above example, `Logger.Foo` type definition is visible to the `NonFungibleToken` interface via both `Token`
> and `Collectible`. Even though it is available from two different interfaces, they are both referring to the same
> type definition. Therefore, the above code is valid.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the above example, `Logger.Foo` type definition is visible to the `NonFungibleToken` interface via both `Token`
and `Collectible`. 
Even though it is available from two different interfaces, they are both referring to the same
type definition. 
Therefore, the above code is valid.
```

        pre { print("A") }
    }
}
struct interface B: D, E {
    pub fun test() {
        pre { print("B") }
    }
}
struct interface C: E {
    pub fun test() {
        pre { print("C") }
    }
}
struct interface D {
    pub fun test() {
        pre { print("D") }
    }
}
struct interface E {
    pub fun test() {
        pre { print("E") }
    }
}
```

Any concrete type implementing interface `A` would be equivalent to implementing all interfaces from `A` to `E`, linearized.

```cadence
struct Foo: A {
    pub fun test() {
        pre { print("Foo") }
    }
}
```

The linearized interface order would be: [A, B, D, E, C].

i.e: same as having:
```cadence
struct Foo: A, B, D, C, E {
    pub fun test() {
        pre { print("Foo") }
    }
}
```

Thus, invoking `test` method of `Foo` would first invoke the pre-conditions of [A, B, D, E, C], in that particular order,
and eventually runs the pre-condition of the concrete implementation `Foo`.

```cadence
let foo = Foo()
foo.test()
```

Above will print:

```
A
B
D
E
C
Foo
```

Similarly, for post-conditions, the same linearization of interfaces would be used, and the post-conditions are executed
in the reverse order.

> i.e: Replacing the `pre` conditions in the above example with `post` conditions with the exact same content would
> result in an output similar to:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, replacing the `pre` conditions in the above example with `post` conditions with the exact same content would
result in an output similar to:
```
